Draft: UI playground deployment doku (#2623)
factcast/factcast: factcast-site/documentation-docsy/content/en/UI/_index.md

## FactCast-Server UI

> The FactCast-Server UI is an easy to use UI based on Vaadin, that you can optionally plug into FactCast.

Author: ```suggestion
The FactCast-Server UI is an easy to use UI based on Vaadin, that optionally can be plugged into FactCast. It allows even to query for raw events, without requiring knowledge of a query language or database access. 
```

Reviewer: will remove "even" here.
